Update ARM documentation to 24.3.0 ( silent Multi Arch release ) (#580)
stackabletech/documentation: modules/concepts/pages/arm64-support.adoc

WARNING: This is an experimental feature of the Stackable Data Platform (SDP) and still under https://github.com/stackabletech/issues/issues/463[development].

> NOTE: 24.3.0 has been released as multi architecture release. We encountered certain limitations as Superset 3.1.0 haven't been build yet and only Airflow 2.6.3 is currently available. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: 24.3.0 has been released as a multi architecture release. We encountered certain limitations as Superset 3.1.0 hasn't been build yet and only Airflow 2.6.3 is currently available. 
```

== Early access

> SDP release 23.11.0 has been ported to the ARM64 architecture. With 24.3.0 we enabled multi architecture. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SDP release 23.11.0 has been ported to the ARM64 architecture.
With 24.3.0 we enabled multi architecture. 
```

Use one line per sentence.

Reviewer 2: nit: I would hyphenate it to _multi-architecture_ since multi isn't a complete word.
